ok today we're going to go ahead and
remove the heatsink from the Corsair
Vengeance memory I'm going to start by
slitting the label on the top with a
knife I'm using my Leatherman here just
a little bit more make sure we've we've
torn through all the way don't cut your
hand open use extreme caution
and here we're twisting a little bit
just to kind of start to loosen things
up a little bit we'll do the same on
this side now we're going to go ahead
and heat it up with the
hot-air gun not too hot
and we'll heat the back too
yeah it was too hot okay carefully we
can use our fingers to keep prying it
open a little bit little you can see
it's slightly separated here at the top
already we're just going to keep working
at it you can wiggle these a little side
things here
it'll help loosen things up there's no
screws holding these together or
anything or any kind of rivets or
fasteners so if you just kind of pry on
these it kind of helps loosen everything
up
now we're just doing this a little bit a
little bit just so we don't risk doing
any damage although I suspect there's a
good chance you can just rip it apart
and you'd probably be fine but why take
the risk
okay it's a little bit more open now and
you can see the glue down in there as we
slowly pull it apart there we go one
side off you can kind of see the
thickness of the adhesive there
nothing fancy looks like 3m tape kind of
stuff and now we have to pull directly
in the memory stick itself so be very
careful here you can see the adhesive
giving way little by little carefully in
here on these corners it doesn't catch
and we're just going to gently work this
back and forth
there we go got stuck there in the
corner and there comes behold